Update 15 (#277)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/channelID.md

# $channelID

> Gets the ID of the current channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the ID of the current channel.
```

## Syntax
```
$channelID
```
## Example
```
$nomention
Channel ID: $channelID
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212713697-a8576ccd-a8dc-4393-8197-1454950e4f23.png)

> > It will retrun `none` if you use it in DM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It will return `none` if you use it in a DM.
```
